David and his daughter.
Explain your great grandparents.
Tom Abergunghie, he was a character in the half.
So who would he be then? So Tom is John and Anne's son?
Yes, son of John and Anne.
You tell them a creature.
So Tom, that's him there again, Tom and Mary Anne.
Parents of David, so who's David then?
David used to live with Abergunghie.
And what's he to Michael and...?
I don't know what he is really.
There's the two girls.
There's David and Elizabeth Evans.
Parents of Evonrie and Mary.
So that's Evonrie and Mary.
So who would they be? Which Mary?
That's Michael's mother.
Oh it is?
And that's Mary Abergunghie.
Well I know all.
Here's the three boys in school.
Gosh, that's like Amy.
Doesn't make her look like Amy.
We'll sew down.
See the closing house.
Here's Jim Pugh, I remember that.
1963 storm.
Him going by helicopter.
Jim Abergunghie.
Look at this.
Hiya.
Jim Pugh.
Evonrie.
So where's that house then?
She's maybe working on the wall or something.
I have no idea.
On the Land Army in Shropshire.
So it could be some sort of...
I wanted to see some of these bigger photographs.
Jim Pugh.
I'll say that's John.
That's John, is it?
Who's the one in the middle?
Granville Price, I think.
He was from Lennartho.
That's Michael Bennett.
That's Harpy, John Lloyd.
Desmond Thomas.
Tudor Ingram.
I think Hacker Davis.
Her brother, Wyndham Davis, they name it.
Yes, yes.
Was that not Jim Dunne?
I'll say it's Tudor Ingram.
Doolin's brother?
No, no.
Tudor Ingram Foster, we used to call him.
Oh, right.
Although he looks a bit too...
Almost looks a bit too fat for him, really.
I remember this picture.
Yes, I was in the pool, I was.
Oh, there you are then.
I remember that.
My father was throwing his all in there.
51, that's right.
Yes, 61.
51?
Oh, wait a minute.
I remember that.
And this is when they opened it.
Do you remember?
Yes, I remember that.
That's Roy Boyne.
Yes, yes.
That's it, I was on the TV one of the children.
Oh, that's it then?
And Dad was, as I say, throwing his all in.
Yes, exactly.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, gosh, you want to cry.
You need a week in here, don't you?
You want the ages.
Ellen Ledman, that's right.
M.J. Morgan, I read her school.
That's right, that was my first school.
Your first school, was it yours?
No, I went to Cuntida.
Did you go to Cuntida's school?
Was that Cuntida?
That was my second school.
That's right, second school.